---
layout: post
title: Logbook - 006 Summer's summary
categories: [personal]
---

![Laptop in terrace]](/assets/img/ostap-senyuk-pPKBLaQ4iY8-unsplash.jpg){:.lead}
<span>Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@kintecus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Ostap Senyuk</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/summer-laptop?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a></span>
{:.figure}

This summer has been the most unusual ever.  It's a fact.  COVID-19 has changed
 everything.  No holidays, no trip to Mar Menor, almost no physical activity, and lots of fears...

But I have been doing things.  Learning Golang. It's a practical language, indeed
 it is.  I'm getting in love with this language, but I don't still have the
 confidence to use it at work.  I have been doing personal tasks with it.

About work I have been working a lot with AWS ECS (Elastic Container Service).  It's complex, really complex.  I used to launch a single service in a small EC2 cluster, that was easy, but deploy and scale several services running all over the same  EC2 instances is challenging.  Scaling EC2 instances and ECS services are a complete mess.  Moreover when you try to keep everything under control with Terraform.

As web services, they need to scale, but there is not a good (simple) policy that scales out a service automatically within the EC2 service until you need a new EC2 instance.  And scaling in is... complex, inelegant, dangerous.

Other things I have been learning about were secrets and terragrunt.  Terragrunt solves some Terraform issues very nicely, but it is not the promised land for the IaC fans who would love to have templates and a coding language to define the infrastructure.



